README.md, before:

# deno_license_checker v1.3.0

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/kt3k/deno_license_checker.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/kt3k/deno_license_checker)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/8gf0iwg0d6gwhu2a/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/kt3k/deno-license-checker/branch/master)

This tool checks the license headers in the files in a git repository. You can configure which files should have which license texts with `.licenserc.json`.

# Usage

Create `.licenserc.json` like the following:

```json
{
  "**/*.ts": "// Copyright 2019 My Name. All rights reserved. MIT license."
}
```

Then run:

```console
deno --allow-read --allow-run https://deno.land/x/license_checker@v1.3.0/main.ts
```

This checks the license lines in the files in your repository.

# `.licenserc.json`

You can use any glob pattern in the keys of `.licenserc.json`

```json
{
  "**/*.ts": "Copyright 2019 My Name. All rights reserved. MIT license.",

  "**/*.{js,ts}": "This matches any .js and .ts files",

  "*.go": "This matches .go file in the project root, (not in subdirectories)",

  "src/**/*.ts": "This matches .ts file in `src` dir"
}
```

### Ignore certain files

You can ignore certain files by the `ignore` array in config.

```js
{
  "**/*.js": "// Copyright 2019 My Name. All rights reserved. MIT license.",

  "ignore": [
    "lib/vendor/jquery.js", // ignore this file
    "vendor/" // ignore all files under vendor
  ]
}
```

Note: `ignore` needs to be an array, not a string.

# Options

```
Usage: license_checker.ts [options]

Options:
  -h, --help               Show this help message and exit.
  -v, --version            Show the version number and exit.
  -q, --quiet              Don't print messages except errors.
  -c, --config <filename>  Specify config filename. Default is '.licenserc.json'.
```

# LICENSE

MIT

Commit message:

docs: add history and multiline example

README.md, after:

# deno_license_checker v1.3.0

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/kt3k/deno_license_checker.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/kt3k/deno_license_checker)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/8gf0iwg0d6gwhu2a/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/kt3k/deno-license-checker/branch/master)

This tool checks the license headers in the files in a git repository. You can configure which files should have which license texts with `.licenserc.json`.

# Usage

Create `.licenserc.json` like the following:

```json
{
  "**/*.ts": "// Copyright 2019 My Name. All rights reserved. MIT license."
}
```

Then run:

```console
deno --allow-read --allow-run https://deno.land/x/license_checker@v1.3.0/main.ts
```

This checks the license lines in the files in your repository.

# `.licenserc.json`

You can use any glob pattern in the keys of `.licenserc.json`

```json
{
  "**/*.ts": "Copyright 2019 My Name. All rights reserved. MIT license.",

  "**/*.{js,ts}": "This matches any .js and .ts files",

  "*.go": "This matches .go file in the project root, (not in subdirectories)",

  "src/**/*.ts": "This matches .ts file in `src` dir",

  "**/*.ts": [
    "You can put multiline headers like this",

    "Copyright Foo, Inc. and other Bar contributors."

    "Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a"
    "copy of this software and associated documentation files (the",
    "\"Software\"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including",
    "without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,",
    "distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit",
    "persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the",
    "following conditions:",
    "..."
  ]
}
```

### Ignore certain files

You can ignore certain files by the `ignore` array in config.

```js
{
  "**/*.js": "// Copyright 2019 My Name. All rights reserved. MIT license.",

  "ignore": [
    "lib/vendor/jquery.js", // ignore this file
    "vendor/" // ignore all files under vendor
  ]
}
```

Note: `ignore` needs to be an array, not a string.

# Options

```
Usage: license_checker.ts [options]

Options:
  -h, --help               Show this help message and exit.
  -v, --version            Show the version number and exit.
  -q, --quiet              Don't print messages except errors.
  -c, --config <filename>  Specify config filename. Default is '.licenserc.json'.
```

# LICENSE

MIT

# History

- 2019-02-24   v1.3.0   Support Multiline copyright header #3
- 2019-02-16   v1.2.0   Initial release
